When you, the user, provide us with personal information through CodeNime.net (hereinafter, the "Website"), your privacy and the rights recognized by the regulations on the protection of personal data are respected. . Therefore, it is important that you understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with said information, which will be subject to the following policy on the processing of personal data.

We recommend that you carefully read the following points about our Privacy Policy; those that will provide total security that you are within a site that protects your information and identity.

Security and protection of personal data: The security of your personal data is a priority for this website which offers total security. However, we are not responsible for the activities of hackers or third parties who perform actions to damage breaking the security that each site provides. Taking into consideration the technical characteristics of information transmission over the Internet, no system is 100% secure or free from attacks.

Responsibility for opinions: This website is only responsible for the publications presented here as posts, but not for their comments, since they are made by third parties and / or site visitors.

Your Privacy: This website respects the privacy of each of its visitors. All information entered by the user through our website will be treated with the highest security, and will only be used in accordance with the limitations established in this document.

Obtaining information: This website obtains the personal data provided directly, voluntarily and consciously by each user. The personal information that we request corresponds to basic data which will be requested through the different forms that are published here.

Use of information: By supplying personal data, you are automatically authorizing us to use your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which includes the following events: a) for the specific purpose for which you have provided it; b) to increase our offer to the market and advertise products that may be of great interest to the user; including calls to confirm your information; c) to personalize and improve our products and services, and d) to send emails with our newsletters, answer questions or comments, and keep our users informed.

Access to your information: The website is permanently committed to presenting new solutions that improve the value of its products and services; in order to offer special market opportunities, such as incentives, promotions and updated news. CodeNime does not market, sell or rent its database to other companies.

Use of "Cookies": This website uses "cookies" and IP address only to obtain general information from its users and to provide them with a personalized site. For this, we keep a record of: browser, operating system used by the user / visitor, domain name of the Internet Service Provider. Additionally, we keep a record of the total number of visitors which allows us to make improvements to our site. Cookies allow us to deliver content tailored to the interests and needs of our users / visitors. Third-party cookies that are present in this Weblog could also be used, such as advertisers or advertising thereof, with the sole purpose of providing additional or relevant information to the User's Navigation on this Website.

Disclosure of information: At no time is the individual information of the users as well as the data on visits, or the information provided to us: name, address, email address, telephone number, etc., used or disclosed to third parties.

Modifications to our Privacy Policy: The website exclusively reserves the right to modify, rectify, alter, add or eliminate any point of this writing at any time and without prior notice.

Statistics and other Sites Related to CodeNime.

This blog works with different applications that obviously can make use of Cookies stored on your computer or use a script for the proper functioning of this blog.

Currently these cookies only withdraw statistical information, in no case do they seek to collect information of an important nature.